start - Starts the bot
help - Get a list of commands
settings - Manage this chats settings, as well as yours
about - Display version information, credits and licenses
rules - Get this chat's rules
setrules - Set this chat's rules
clearrules - Clear this chat's rules
runs - Check whether the bot is running
slap - 'Slaps' another user
ip - Get the bot's ip (Staff only!)
id - Get a user's or group's Telegram ID
info - Display information about a user
echo - Make the Bot say something (Staff only!)
gdpr - Delete your personal information from the bot's database
markdownhelp - Send some help for markdown's syntax
stats - Display some statistics about the bot's usage (Staff only!)
promote - Promote an user
demote - Demote an user
pin - Pin a message to the top of the group
unpin - remove the pinned message
invitelink - Get the group's invitelink
adminlist - Display a list containing all admins in a chat
afk - Mark yourself as away from keyboard (AFK)
del - Delete a message
purge - Delete a bunch of messages
export - Exports your current chat settings to a .toml file
import - Import a .json file from Rose's export feature
ban - Bans an user
kickme - Try it out!
kick - Kicks an user
tempban - Bans an user for a specific period of time
unban - Reverts the ban of an user
filter - Add a new filter
filters - List all filters in the current group
stop - Delete a filter
broadcast - Broadcast a message to all chats the bot is in (Staff only!)
chatlist - Get a file containing all chats the bot is in (Staff only!)
lang - Set this chat's language
t - Correct grammar in replied message (english only)
setflood - Set the antiflood setting for the current chat
flood - get the current antiflood settings
gban - Globally ban a user (Staff only!)
ungban - Globally unban a user (Staff only!)
gbanlist - Get a list of all globally banned users (Staff only!)
gbanstat - Toggle whether global bans should effect your group
blacklist - Get all words on the current blacklist
addblacklist - Blacklist a word
unblacklist - Remove a word from the blacklist
globalmute - Mutes the entire chat, so all messages not sent by admins will get instantly deleted
kang - Save a sticker in your own stickerpack
stickerid - Get the ID of a sticker
getsticker - download a sticker as png
translate - Translate a message using google translate
welcome - Send the current welcome message
goodbye - Send the current goodbye message
setwelcome - Set the welcome message
setgoodbye - Set the goodbye message
resetwelcome - Reset the welcome message to the default value
resetgoodbye - Reset the goodbye message to the default value
cleanwelcome - Toggle whether the bot should delete old welcome messages
warn - Warn an user
resetwarn - Reset warns of an user to 0
resetwarns - Reset warns of an user to 0
warns - List all warns of an user
addwarn - Add a warn filter
nowarn - Remove a warn filter
stopwarn - Remove a warn filter
warnlist - List all warn filters
warnfilters - List all warn filters
warnlimit - Set the maximum number of warns an user can have before it gets punished
strongwarn - Toggle whether reaching the warnlimit should ban or just kick the user
mute - Mute an user
unmute - Unmute an user
tempmute - Mute an user temporary
report - Report a message
get - Get a note
save - Save a note
clear - Delete a note
rss -  shows the link's data and the last entry, for testing purposes.
addrss - add an RSS link to the subscriptions.
listrss - shows the list of rss feeds that the chat is currently subscribed to.
removerss - removes the RSS link from the subscriptions.
me  - will get your or another user's info
setme - will set your info
bio - will get your or another user's bio. This cannot be set by yourself.
setbio - while replying, will save another user's bio
locktypes - a list of possible locktypes
lock - lock items of a certain type (not available in private)
unlock - unlock items of a certain type (not available in private)
locks - the current list of locks in this chat.